Add images that capture the output of the different log formatters (#40449)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/console-log-formatter.md

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/logging/console-formatter-systemd/Program.cs" highlight="5-9":::

> The example outputs similar to the following log messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example produces output similar to the following log messages:
```
